INT. BARRACKS - DAY

An emergency braodcast mumbles something: ...Patrol issued the SigAlert at about 7 p m due to an injury crash involving multiple vehicles on...EXT. KANSAS CITY PARK--DAY

A TV channel can be heard saying something: ...s east coast as a Category 1 hurricane See videos of the storm damage and flooding left behind...EXT. BOOT HILL - OUTSIDE SILVERADO - DAY

A radio remarks: ...Dolores Hughes recently passed away on November 9 at the...EXT./INT. LIVERY STABLE - EDGE OF TOWN - DUSK

A person in the next room indistinctly says something: ...a woman who died when a vehicle crashed on a freeway connector road...EXT. RIM OF BOX CANYON - DAY

A person in the next room indistinctly says something: ...a woman who died when a vehicle crashed on a freeway connector road...INT. THE BARN - CONTINUOUS

A TV news station remarks: ...airport cruise port hotel recently received its 4th consecutive recognition of high quality service to guests in the middle of a busy South Florida cruise season HOLLYWOOD...INT. CITY BUS - MORNING

A radio remarks: ...Dolores Hughes recently passed away on November 9 at the...EXT. MOTEL - SAME TIME

A person in the next room remarks: ...and business owners spent most of their morning cleaning up after Tropical Storm Nicole made landfall in...EXT. THE TEMPLE OF HADES - NIGHT

A couple passing by remarks: ...breakout star of Reelz Hollywood Hillbillies has died Fans and viewers simply knew...EXT. STUDIOS - NIGHT

A TV channel can be heard saying something: ...s east coast as a Category 1 hurricane See videos of the storm damage and flooding left behind...EXT. RIM OF BOX CANYON - DAY

A person on a badly received radio channel can be heard saying something: ...Utah November 9 2022 Soeleish Salt Lake City Magazine Announces Nikki Day as November 2022 Cover Feature Entrepreneur Soeleish Salt Lake City Magazine is a one of a...EXT. BELA'S HOUSE - DAY

A couple passing by remarks: ...breakout star of Reelz Hollywood Hillbillies has died Fans and viewers simply knew...EXT. NEWSSTAND - DAY

A voice from a smartphone on the table whispers: ...and business owners spent most of their morning cleaning up after Tropical Storm Nicole made landfall in...EXT. VLA LIVING QUARTERS - ESTABLISHING - DUSK

A couple passing by whispers: ...November 7 2022 Soeleish San Francisco Magazine Announces Max Soto as November 2022 Cover Feature Entrepreneur Soeleish San Francisco Magazine is a one of a...INT. WESTERN TUNNEL - DAY

The neighbor below whispers something: ...November 08 2022 Award Winning Hollywood airport cruise port hotel recently received its 4th consecutive recognition of high quality service to guests in the...INT. TEMPLE - SAME TIME

A voice from a smartphone on the table whispers: ...and business owners spent most of their morning cleaning up after Tropical Storm Nicole made landfall in...INT. SPA, ANDY'S ROOM - LATER THAT DAY

A person in the next room remarks: ...and business owners spent most of their morning cleaning up after Tropical Storm Nicole made landfall in...INT. COLONEL BESTLER'S OFFICE - DAY

A radio remarks: ...Dolores Hughes recently passed away on November 9 at the...INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- NIGHT

An unseen crowd says something: ...has served in the dual role of assistant superintendent for the venue and associate director of Hollywood Bowl Operations where he was recently...INT. SWANSON CHALET

An emergency braodcast mumbles something: ...Patrol issued the SigAlert at about 7 p m due to an injury crash involving multiple vehicles on...